# mcubed-admin

Description
----
An admin tool to help manage data collected by various mCubed modules. The list of supported modules include:

* [mCubed Lineup Insight Server](https://github.com/nickp10/mcubed-lineup-insight-server)
* [mCubed Wheel Capture](https://github.com/nickp10/mcubed-wheel-capture)

Command Line Interface
----
This node module is only usable from the command line using `mcubed-admin -p 80`. The arguments for the command line interface are:

* *-p / --port* - **Optional.** Specifies the port on which to run the admin server. This will default to 8000.
* *--persistenceServer* - **Required.** Defines the server name or IP address that is running mcubed-persistence. Refer to the [mcubed-persistence](#mcubed-persistence) section.
* *--persistencePort* - **Required.** Defines the port that mcubed-persistence is running on. Refer to the [mcubed-persistence](#mcubed-persistence) section.
* *--persistenceAppName* - **Required.** Defines the application name configured with the running mcubed-persistence. Refer to the [mcubed-persistence](#mcubed-persistence) section.
* *--persistenceAppKey* - **Required.** Defines the application key generated by the running mcubed-persistence. Refer to the [mcubed-persistence](#mcubed-persistence) section.

<a name="mcubed-persistence"></a>
[mcubed-persistence](https://github.com/nickp10/mcubed-persistence)
----
The mcubed-persistence module is used to manage data stored by the other mCubed modules. The table names used by this module are:

* *lineupalternatenames* - **Used by mcubed-lineup-insight-server.** Manages the mapping between a third-party player name and the corresponding contest name. 
* *lineupmissingnames* - **Used by mcubed-lineup-insight-server.** Manages the names that cannot be mapped to a corresponding contest name.
* *users* - Used for authentication purposes. There will be an "admin" user stored in this table. In order to log into the admin page, the user must login with the admin's credentials.
* *wheelcategories* - **Used by mcubed-wheel-capture.** Manages the categories for the wheel words.
* *wheelwords* - **Used by mcubed-wheel-capture.** Manages the wheel words that have been captured.
